{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red85\green142\blue40;\red0\green0\blue255;\red85\green142\blue40;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\csgray\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c100000;
\cssrgb\c39975\c61335\c20601;\cssrgb\c1680\c19835\c100000;\cssrgb\c39975\c61335\c20601;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16600\viewh12120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I) Insert a new record\
C) Cancel membership\
L) List active members\
N) Number of active members\
S) Status of a member\
A) List active members in a given area\
D) Depth of the tree\
Q) Quit the program\
\
Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 I\cf2 \
\cf2 Enter a Name:\cf6  \cf5 Doe Tara\
\cf2 Enter a Street:\cf2  \cf5 101 Dean Lane\cf2              \
\cf2 Enter the City and State:\cf5  Stony Brook, NY   \cf2 \
\cf2 Enter a Zip Code:\cf6  \cf7 \cb3 11790\cf6 \cb3 \
\cf2 Inserting Doe Jane into List...\cf2 \
\
\cf2 Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 c\cf2 \
\cf2 Enter a Name:\cf2  \cf5 Doe Tara\cf2 \
\cf2 Enter a Zip Code:\cf2  \cf5 23333\cf2 \
\cf2 Member Not Found!\cf2 \
\
\cf2 Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 L\cf2 \
\cf2 List of all active members:\
\
        Name                  Street              City and State    Zip \
--------------------- ------------------------- ------------------ -----\
Epp Sussana           78 Kirk Ave.              Fishers Island, NY 06390\
Zhang Brian           19 Penbrook Rd.           Fishers Island, NY 06390\
\
Doe Jane              17 Brandywine St.         Wood Bridge, CT    06525\
Main Michael          12 Harrison Rd.           Wood Bridge, CT    06525\
Spencer Susan         98 Shen Ct.               Wood Bridge, CT    06525\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Doe Tara              101 Dean Lane             Stony Brook, NY    11790\cf2 \
Williams Deirdre      101 Dean Lane             Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Williams Kevin        101 Dean lane             Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Williams Shane        178 Stony Brook Rd.       Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Williams Tara         98 Stony Rd.              Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Zhang Steven          19 Ridgeway Rd.           Stony Brook, NY    11790\
\
Doe Jane              17 Main St.               Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer David         101 Halsey Ave.           Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer John          75 Raynor Rd.             Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer Mark          57 Roman Dr.              Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer Mary          91 Broidy Lane            Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer Richard       109 Spinack Rd.           Southampton, NY    11968\
Von-Neuman Chris      65 Hampton Rd.            Southampton, NY    11968\
\
Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 n\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Number of active members at each zip code:\
\
  Zip Code    Number of Members\
  --------    -----------------\
   06390             2\
   06525             3\
   11790             6\
   11968             7\
\cf2 \
\cf2 Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 S\cf2 \
\cf2 Enter a Name:\cf2  \cf7 \cb3 Doe Tara\cf2 \cb3 \
\cf2 Enter a Zip Code:\cf2  \cf7 \cb3 11790\cf2 \cb3 \
\cf2 Mailing address and status for user:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 101 Dean Lane             Stony Brook, NY 11790 (active)\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 a\
\cf2 Enter a Zip Code:\cf2  \cf5 06525\cf2 \
\cf2 List of all active members with zip code greater than or equal to \cf2 06525\cf2 :\
\
        Name                  Street              City and State    Zip \
--------------------- ------------------------- ------------------ -----\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Doe Jane              17 Brandywine St.         Wood Bridge, CT    06525\
Main Michael          12 Harrison Rd.           Wood Bridge, CT    06525\
Spencer Susan         98 Shen Ct.               Wood Bridge, CT    06525\
\
Doe Tara              101 Dean Lane             Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Williams Deirdre      101 Dean Lane             Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Williams Kevin        101 Dean lane             Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Williams Shane        178 Stony Brook Rd.       Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Williams Tara         98 Stony Rd.              Stony Brook, NY    11790\
Zhang Steven          19 Ridgeway Rd.           Stony Brook, NY    11790\
\
Doe Jane              17 Main St.               Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer David         101 Halsey Ave.           Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer John          75 Raynor Rd.             Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer Mark          57 Roman Dr.              Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer Mary          91 Broidy Lane            Southampton, NY    11968\
Spencer Richard       109 Spinack Rd.           Southampton, NY    11968\
Von-Neuman Chris      65 Hampton Rd.            Southampton, NY    11968\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\cf2 Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 D\cf2 \
\cf2 The depth of the Tree is 4. \
\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Enter Your Choice: \cf7 \cb3 c\cf2 \cb3 \
Enter a Name: \cf7 \cb3 Williams Deirdre\cf2 \cb3 \
Enter a Zip Code: \cf7 \cb3 11790\cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Cancelling Membership for \cf2 Williams Deirdre\cf2 ...\cf2 \
\
\cf2 Enter Your Choice:\cf2  \cf5 q\
\cf2 Exiting Program...\
}